A VIP program is a spectacular way to reward your absolute best clients.  Whether they are the top spending 5-10% or the client that loves to tell all of their friends and family about you, a VIP is a model of what your ideal client is.  These programs are usually unpublished to add to the exclusivity. 

    Uber is famous for their brand promotion, however their VIP program is kept pretty secret.  As mentioned on Business Insider, once you take your 100th ride you earn VIP status which grants you special access to the best rated cars and highest rated drivers.
    Lexus of Mishawaka rewards their top clients with discounts on service, accessories and even a 12 month unlimited warranty.
    Delta has a very exclusive new program to eliminate the opportunity for paparazzi to photograph their best clients.  The members are met on the tarmac by a driver who will whisk them and their luggage out of the airport to an undisclosed location.  Currently, this is only available at LAX.

 
Rewards Program

Restaurant Bar and Grill punch discount card

Rewards programs are set up to accrue based on number of visits or points earned.  Unlike VIP programs where your top or ideal clients are the only ones that are enjoying the rewards, Rewards programs are open to all customer and only require contact information to become a member.

    Lego does a fantastic job with their program where clients earn 1 point for every $1 that is spent.  For every 100 points, a $5 reward is earned.
    Grascios American Grill has a punch card as part of their Rewards Program.  Once you buy 7 entrees, you will receive the 8th for free.
    Foot Locker offers a very enticing rewards program that even comes with a platinum upgrade option once you have spent $300 in a year that you are automatically upgraded to.

 
Loyalty Program

vaper loyalty card and key tag with barcode

Unlike VIP and Rewards programs, loyalty programs are not based off of any purchase amount, but rather discounts and specials are freely given without restriction to encourage repeat business.

    Kohl's is famous for their loyalty program.  Throughout the year, Kohl's gives customers "Kohl's cash" anticipating that people will spend above what their voucher is for. They also actively mail their loyal customers coupons to get them back in the store.
    Totally Wicked Vapers' Lounge offers loyalty points for each purchase.  The points can be used for future visits and include discounts as well as free products.
    CVS provides members with special offers based on their shopping history and the opportunity to earn money back in rewards.  


* Tip *

Many businesses opt to including a key tag for their member to ensure that they have a visual reminder of the business with them at all times.  The benefit of any of these programs is to:

    Keep your clients returning
    Reward them for their loyalty
    Increase revenue for your company

No matter which program you decide or whether you choose to offer all three, your customers are going to appreciate it.  

Are you ready to speak with one of our team members?  Schedule your complimentary consultation today by clicking the button below.

New Call-to-action

Do you have a VIP, Rewards or Loyalty program in place?  Let us know your best tips and trick to promote customer loyalty in the comments section below.

 
Share
Share

Topics loyalty cards, vip cards, rewards cards, rewarding discount cards, loyalty program
Sarah Zimmerman
Sarah Zimmerman
I am the social media and photo addict from Hastings, MN. I am the Ambassador of Buzz at Plastic Printers, so my job is basically to talk to you awesome people every day and take pretty photos - it's pretty great! Aside from that, my favorite things are dogs, chocolate and Mumford and Sons.
You may also like:
Keeping Your Marketing Pieces Brand Consistent
Keeping Your Marketing Pieces Brand Consistent
Plastic Cards That Will Help Raise the Bar in Your Business
Plastic Cards That Will Help Raise the Bar in Your Business
March into Marketing Madness with Custom Plastic Cards!
March into Marketing Madness with Custom Plastic Cards!
Popular Topics

    plastic business cards (170)
    plastic cards (130)
    tips & tricks (106)
    marketing (92)
    free downloads (74)
    gift cards (72)
    templates (68)

see all
Subscribe
